Update _contributing-code.md (#804)
apple/swift-org-website: contributing/_contributing-code.md

### Getting Started

> It is highly recommended that you become familiar with using Swift in your own projects before contributing directly to the language itself. We put together handy [Getting Started][get_started] guides with step-by-step instructions to get you up and running. You should also know how to build Swift [from source](https://www.swift.org/documentation/source-code)

Reviewer: > You should also know how to build Swift [from source](https://www.swift.org/documentation/source-code)

Seems weird to me because it just points to repos and not to any guides of how to build Swift. 

Also, missing period at the end of the sentence.

> It is highly recommended that you become familiar with using Swift in your own projects before contributing directly to the language itself. We put together handy [Getting Started][get_started] guides with step-by-step instructions to get you up and running. You should also know how to build Swift [from source](https://www.swift.org/documentation/source-code)

Author: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended that you become familiar with using Swift in your own projects before contributing directly to the language itself. We put together handy [Getting Started][get_started] guides with step-by-step instructions to get you up and running.
```

### Process

> Many of the repositories in github.com/swiftlang have a CONTRIBUTING.md in the root of the repository or in the README. This is your pathway to submitting pull requests, getting code reviewed, and more. Many will follow the standards set in the [/swift/CONTRIBUTING.md] if there is not a specific process listed. 

Reviewer: Will the `[/swift/CONTRIBUTING.md]` link take you anywhere? Looks like https://swift.org/swift/CONTRIBUTING.md doesn’t exist.

It is highly recommended that you become familiar with using Swift in your own projects before contributing directly to the language itself. We put together handy [Getting Started][get_started] guides with step-by-step instructions to get you up and running.

### Process

> Many of the repositories in github.com/swiftlang have a CONTRIBUTING.md in the root of the repository or in the README. This is your pathway to submitting pull requests, getting code reviewed, and more. Many will follow the standards set in the [/swift/CONTRIBUTING.md] if there is not a specific process listed. 

Author: ```suggestion
Many of the repositories in github.com/swiftlang have a CONTRIBUTING.md in the root of the repository or in the README. This is your pathway to submitting pull requests, getting code reviewed, and more, for that area of the project. If there is not a specific CONTRIBUTING.md listed, many projects will follow the standards set in the main Swift repository under [/swift/CONTRIBUTING.md](GitHub.com/swiftlang/swift/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

* When there is a body, separate it from the title by an empty line.
* Make body concise, while including the complete reasoning. Unless required to understand the change, additional code examples or other details should be left to bug comments or the mailing list.
* If the commit fixes an issue in the bug tracking system, include a link to the issue in the message.
* For text formatting and spelling, follow the same rules as documentation and in-code comments---for example, the use of capitalization and periods.
* If the commit is a bug fix on top of another recently committed change, or a revert or reapply of a patch, include the Git revision number of the prior related commit, e.g. "Revert abcdef because it caused bug#".

For minor violations of these guidelines, the community normally favors reminding the contributor of this policy over reverting. Minor corrections and omissions can be handled by sending a reply to the commits mailing list.

> ### Attribution of Changes

Reviewer 2: Ditto.

Reviewer 2: I don’t see why these rules around attribution of changes would not be applicable to all projects either.

When contributors submit a change to a Swift subproject, after that change is approved, other developers with commit access may commit it for the author. When doing so, it is important to retain correct attribution of the contribution. Generally speaking, Git handles attribution automatically.

We do not want the source code to be littered with random attributions like "this code written by J. Random Hacker", which is noisy and distracting. Do not add contributor names to the source code or documentation.

In addition, don't commit changes authored by others unless they have submitted the change to the project or you have been authorized to submit on their behalf---for example, you work together and your company authorized you to contribute the changes. The author should first either submit the change through a pull request to the relevant project, email the development list, or add a bug tracker item. If someone sends you a change privately, encourage them to submit it to the appropriate list first.

> ### Code Templates

Reviewer 2: Are we going to remove this section for good? If so, I would really appreciate some rationale. There are around 25 subprojects across swiftlang & apple that this applies to.

Author: We aren't removing this for good. This entire section went into the /swift/CONTRIBUTING.md file.

Author: https://github.com/swiftlang/swift/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md

We've removed the text from the main code since it's pertinent to contributing to the core Swift repo and saves a lot of scrolls for the first time contributor.

Reviewer 2: I strongly believe that the sections I pointed out are best published in a central location where information is understood to relate to the project as a whole. Speaking of the code headers, my impression is that they are supposed to be followed by all subprojects.

Author: Totally agree about final iteration. This is a clean up effort and the intent would be to have this page re-written with the efforts that James is discussing.

Author: While we are in the process of discussing where to put contributor information in general, I thought /swift could be a good temp home for this information until a) we clean this guide up and rewrite it and b) we have a repo set up like GitHub.com/swiftlang/contributors to house all things contributors.

Reviewer 2: These sections could certainly be modernized and/or moved to an agreed upon central location later. I suggest keeping them in place until we actually get to that:

* We are less likely to forget about them if they stay in the original location, in plain sight.
* A direct move is a simpler and more transparent change, more so if we decide to keep the information on the website.
* There are links to at least one of these sections in several repositories that would need tending to more than once otherwise.

> would you be able to join in these conversations?

@dempseyatgithub Likely not as actively as I want to, but if lower than average time commitment is acceptable, then yes please!

~~~~

For C or C++ source or header files, the code header should look this:

~~~~cpp
//===-- subfolder/Filename.h - Very brief description -----------*- C++ -*-===//
//
// This source file is part of the Swift.org open source project
//
// Copyright (c) {{site.time | date: "%Y"}} Apple Inc. and the Swift project authors
// Licensed under Apache License v2.0 with Runtime Library Exception
//
// See https://swift.org/LICENSE.txt for license information
// See https://swift.org/CONTRIBUTORS.txt for the list of Swift project authors
//
//===----------------------------------------------------------------------===//
///
/// \file
/// This file contains stuff that I am describing here in the header and will
/// be sure to keep up to date.
///
//===----------------------------------------------------------------------===//
~~~~

The divider lines should be exactly 80 characters wide to aid in adherence to the code style guidelines.  The bottom section contains an optional description intended for generated documentation (these lines begin with `///` rather than `//`).  If there is no description, this area can be skipped.

> ### Release Branch Pull Requests

Reviewer 2: Ditto.

Reviewer 2: This is pertinent to all projects that have compiler-aligned release branches.
